Christian Rothfus

The thing I chose to research was what it means for a class to be an abstract class.
What I learned is that it basically means it's a class that is not meant to be constructed directly.
Instead, it is meant to be an underlying class that other classes can be built off of.
The abstract class apperas in the character file for the character class, and is used to support the player and enemy classes.
This is helpful because it means you can save time when building classes that all have similar features, much in the same way that a function helps us by eliminating the need to write the same lines of code over and over again.
I have actually used a similar idea in Python. I like to build my own classes that support the use of tkinter objects.
I don't like always having to call the .config method, so I wrote a tkTool class that is used to help create other classes for different tkinter GUI objects such as buttons, labels, and frames.

https://www.w3schools.com/java/ref_keyword_abstract.asp  (much more helpful)
https://docs.oracle.com/javase/tutorial/java/IandI/abstract.html  (much less helpful)

The main things I did was add new options for the player to take while playing the game.
The new actions include
    1. Use a new area attack that damages all enemies
    2. Hone your weapons (same as the level up reward)
    3. Sacrifice yourself to give your life to another player.
I chose to add an area attack because adding new ways to attack seemed like a logical progession over having single target attacks.
I added the choice to hone your weapons because I realized that the goblins increase in quantity, but not toughness. This gives a smart player the ability to exploit that.
I chose to add the ability to sacrifice yourself to heal another player because it seemed funny and also like something that would reward players conscious of the game state.

I also added a new attribute to the character class that causes the character to take double damage (the opposite of the blocking effect).
I added this as an additional cost to honing your weapons as if you get your spread damage to 10 you can one shot all goblins.

The changes I made took place in the Main, Character, and Player classes.
Specifically the changes are in the player turns loop of the Main file, and the Character and Player classes as new attributes and methods.